hey guys welcome back today i'm going to
lead you through a 200 rep squat
challenge so today we have 10 different
variations of squats we're going to do
10 reps per each variation and we're
going to do two rounds and that will
take us to 200 reps i hope you guys are
ready make sure that you have some space
around you and without further ado let's
get to it
[Music]
all right guys we're first starting off
with regular squats 10 of each here we
go in three two one let's go all the way
down and up
that's two
three
[Music]
seven nine
nice and easy next up double pulse squat
so we're coming down pulse
and up here we go
one
two
[Music]
[Applause]
eight
two more
nice work all right
number three we're doing four jumps feet
are going front and back one two three
four down into a squat for ten here we
go in three two
one let's go
[Applause]
[Music]
nice work next up sumo squats with a
rise
down
and up here we go for ten
one
two
five three all the way down
four
five
six
[Music]
seven
eight
nine
ten nice work next up
we're doing a squat walk
out to the side and up
out to the side and up here we go
in three
two
one let's go
[Music]
eight
nine
ten nice work all right next up squat
with a twist
coming down twisting
squeezing that core and stretching this
leg here we go
in three two
one let's go
other way
that's three
four
five all the way down
[Music]
nice work next up squat with a crunch so
you're coming down into a squat
fingertips are by the ears
coming up opposite knee to elbow
here we go in three
two one let's go all the way down
one
two two
[Music]
nice work all right next up we're going
to do 10 curtsy squats or lunges on each
leg so
leg is at a 45 degree angle behind you
you're coming down sitting into this
heel and back up for ten we're gonna do
ten on either leg here we go
three
two one let's go
ten all right switching legs
here we go one
[Applause]
two
three
four
last one
nice work all right last
exercise of this first round we're
really going to burn it out and we're
just going to do 10
squat jumps
i'm going to give you guys a little bit
of a rest after this first round so
let's get through these squat jumps here
we go in three
two one let's go
[Music]
nice work that's 100 reps
we're gonna take a little bit of a
breather here and then we're gonna go
into round number two
so if you're doing this at home and
you're following along with me and you
can't keep up with my pace that's
totally okay you can go at your own pace
i'm here to just do it with you
encourage you and show you that with the
power of our minds
we can get through this together all
right
we're getting ready to go into round
number two starting off with regular
squats
just breathe through it and tell
yourself that you can do it here we go
three
two one let's go one
two
three all the way down
[Music]
ten see nice and easy here we go double
pull squats
pick it up here we go three two one
let's go down
and up
[Music]
good work
all right moving on to our four jumps
into a squat
[Music]
here we go three
two
one let's go
[Music]
last one nice work sumo squats with a
rise
is next
take some deep breaths tell yourself
you can do it your legs are capable of
doing this it's your mind telling you
that you can't
here we go push through three
two
one let's go down
with a rise stretch those legs
two
three
[Music]
last one
nice work next up nice and easy squat
walk
side to side you can do it here we go
three
two
one
let's go
[Music]
last one
nice work squat with a twist
so you're bending and you're twisting
and you're really squeezing that core
squeezing this glute and stretching this
leg
here we go guys almost there three
two
one all the way down let's go
[Music]
good work four more to go guys
we're doing squat with a crunch make
sure you're really lifting that knee
bracing that core and bringing that knee
to the elbow
here we go three two
one let's go
[Music]
good work moving on to our curtsy lunges
or squats
so one leg's behind you doing 10
on either leg
three
two
one let's go all the way down and
opposite into this heel
two
three
four
[Music]
good work switching sides
here we go for ten
one
two
three sit into that heel
[Music]
good work all right
last 10 squats but they are squat jumps
i want you to not give up as long as it
takes you to do 10 squat jumps you are
going to do them
here we go
in three
two
one let's go 10 more guys
one
two
three
four
200.
there we go guys that is 200 squats you
did it
congratulations if you're looking to
challenge yourself a little bit more i
do have a 300 rep squat challenge that's
on my channel and if you found this one
to be a little bit too difficult i have
a 100 rep squat challenge so you can
check that out
in the comments down below i hope you
guys enjoyed this one if you did give it
a thumbs up for me leave me your
feedback down below let me know if you
completed it
if you're new here hit that subscribe
button
turn on your post notifications so you
don't miss another video from me and
i'll see you guys very soon bye
[Music]